DID HOLLY PICK UP JILL YET?
YEAH. THIS IS MY BABY.
WHY DO YOU ALWAYS FREAK OUT
WHENEVER HOLLY COMES OVER?
SHE'S NOT THAT BAD.
AM I ALLOWED TO SAY THAT
ABOUT A WOMAN I ACCIDENTALLY
HAD A BABY WITH?
I WOULDN'T.
SHE ALWAYS WANTS TO HANG
AND CONNECT WITH ME
OVER TEQUILA SHOTS.
JUST SAY NO. (chuckles)
I CAN'T SAY NO TO TEQUILA.
THAT'S WHY TRAVIS EXISTS.
NO WAY. JILL, TOO.
WHAT AN ADORABLE COINCIDENCE.
LOOK ON THE BRIGHT SIDE.
SHE DRIVES YOU CRAZY,
WHICH I ENJOY.
(chuckles sarcastically)
(horn honks)
SHE'S HERE. COME HERE.
IF SHE PUSHES PAST US
WITH HER SUPER BIMBO STRENGTH,
WE SAY
WE CAN'T HANG TONIGHT...
(vehicle door closes,
alarm chirps)
BECAUSE WE ALL HAVE SOME
VERY IMPORTANT THING TO GO TO.
GOT IT.
HEY, YOU GUYS.
WHOOPS. WHOA. (chuckles)
DAMN IT.
SHE BACKDOORED US.
JULES, I HAVE SO MUCH I GOTTA
TALK TO YOU ABOUT. (chuckles)
(chuckles) I'M SORRY. WE CAN'T
HANG BECAUSE WE ALL HAVE
A VERY IMPORTANT THING
WE HAVE TO GO TO, SO...
(refrigerator door
opens and closes)
THAT THING GOT CANCELED.
I DO HAVE A DIFFERENT THING
THAT ONLY I HAVE TO GO TO.
YOU KNOW WHAT? I'LL DRIVE YOU.
HAVE FUN, MOM.
SHOULD WE CONNECT?
(laughs)
YEAH. (sighs)
(door closes)
OHH.
(clink)
♪♪♪
ARE YOU HAPPY?
I HAD TO LISTEN TO HOLLY YAP
FOR OVER AN HOUR.
SHE'S WAY TOO YOUNG TO HAVE
THAT MANY STORIES
ABOUT LOSING TEETH.
(chuckles) SORRY.
THAT'S THE LEAST CONVINCING
"SORRY" EVER.
I'LL WORK ON IT.
SO JULES AND I DECIDED WE WANT
TO GET MARRIED ON THE BEACH.
(gasps) YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO GO TO CITY HALL
AND GET A PERMIT FOR THAT.
OOH. THAT SOUNDS LIKE
QUITE AN IMBROGLIO.
SHE BOUGHT HERSELF A LITTLE
WORD-OF-THE-DAY CALENDAR.
AH.
GOTCHA.
WHY WOULD YOU BUST ME
ON THAT?
THEY WOULD HAVE
JUST THOUGHT
I HAD GOTTEN ALL SMART
AND STUFF.
SORRY.
OH, NO. THAT WAS BETTER.
RIGHT? I'M GETTING IT.
GETTING A PERMIT IS EASY.
I GOT ONE TO PUT
THAT NEW SPEED BUMP
IN THE CUL-DE-SAC.
UHH! OHH!
THAT SPEED BUMP IS GONNA PROTECT
OUR KIDS, ESPECIALLY STAN.
HE'S OBSESSED WITH THAT MANHOLE
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE STREET.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
HE THINKS IS DOWN THERE,
BUT HE LEAVES FOOD FOR IT.
WELL,
IT'S THE MANHOLE MONSTER.
IT EATS LITTLE BOYS
THAT DON'T LISTEN.
SOLID PARENTING, AS ALWAYS.
(whispers) THANKS.
ROGER! (chuckles)
ROGER. (chuckles)
HOW ARE YOU?
OH, SAME AS ALWAYS.
ACTUALLY, I WAS MARRIED
A FEW MONTHS AGO,
SO SLIGHTLY WORSE.
(laughs, lowered voice)
OH, GOD.
NEXT.
EXCUSE ME.
I WANT TO GET A PERMIT
FOR A BEACH WEDDING.
WE DON'T ALLOW WEDDINGS
ON THE BEACH.
BUT I SEE PARTIES
ON THE BEACH ALL THE TIME.
WE ALLOW PARTIES.
OKAY, THEN I WANT
A PERMIT FOR A PARTY.
WILL THERE BE A PRIEST
AT YOUR PARTY?
(chuckles) DEPENDS ON
HOW CRAZY IT GETS.
NO PERMIT.
IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM,
TALK TO THE MAYOR.
THIS PODUNK TOWN
HAS A MAYOR? WHO?
ME.
(chuckles) STOP IT.
(chuckles)
NO, REALLY. IT'S ME.
I LOVE THIS
CAKE SHOP/REAL ESTATE OFFICE.
YOU GIVE ME
DAY-OLD BLACK-AND-WHITE COOKIES,
AND JULES LETS ME TAKE COFFEE
FROM HER SIDE.
(mouth full)
MM. THE COFFEE'S FREE?
OH, I'M SORRY, SIR.
YOU'LL HAVE TO BUY A CONDO.
AH.
(chuckles)
(chuckles) WHOO, MAN,
THAT CAMERA CAKE LOOKS REAL.
I'LL BET YOU WISH YOU HAD
THAT SUCKER
HANGING AROUND YOUR NECK.
(chuckles)
WHY, BECAUSE I'M ASIAN?
NO! (scoffs)
(mouth full) YEAH.
THE LONG "NO" MEANS
"STOP TALKING."
JUST ANOTHER GOOD OLD BOY
THROWING RACIST STEREOTYPES
AROUND.
RACIST? AM I THAT BAD?
NO, SWEETIE.
OH, MY GOD. LOOK AT
YOUR BLACK-AND-WHITE COOKIE.
YOU'VE ONLY EATEN
THE WHITE PART.
I'M A MONSTER.
GOOD! LEAVE!
I DON'T EVEN CARE!
(scoffs)
HEY. (chuckles)
EH.
UH, EVERYTHING OKAY?
STUPID INTERNET DATE.
I THOUGHT HAVING A BABY
WAS GONNA BE, LIKE,
A NONSTOP PARTY...
(chuckles) YOU KNOW?
WRONG. TURNS OUT THEY'RE
A TOTAL CROTCH-BLOCK.
THAT GUY IS A TOOL.
HE SHOULD HAVE PUT
"HATES BABIES" ON HIS PROFILE.
OH, HE DID.
I JUST IGNORED IT.
(giggles)
HEY, WE WERE GONNA GO GET
SOME ICE CREAM.
DO YOU WANT TO COME?
CAN BABIES HAVE ICE CREAM?
OH, YEAH. THAT'S, LIKE,
PRETTY MUCH ALL SHE EATS.
(laughs)
THERE'S GOT TO BE SOMETHING
YOU CAN DO.
I MEAN, I HAVE BEEN DREAMING
OF HAVING A BEACH WEDDING
SINCE... WELL, YESTERDAY.
I KNOW WHERE THIS IS GOING.
YOU THINK IT WOULD BE
SAFE FOR US TO HAVE
A QUICK
BUT PASSIONATE FLING.
I'M FLATTERED...
(nasal voice) BUT IT'S NOT
GONNA HAPPEN. (chuckles)
I'LL TRY TO KEEP IT
IN MY PANTS.
THAT'S A GOOD GIRL.
SO WHO DID YOU MARRY
ANYWAY?
AH.
WELL, HELLO, JULES.
HI.
AW. WHAT
AN ADORABLE ENGAGEMENT RING.
IT'S LIKE MY RING HAD
A BABY. (laughs)
WOW. BARB, YOU'RE MARRIED.
MM.
(chuckles) I'M SO, UM...
UM, SOMETHING FOR YOU.
(both laugh)
OH, YOU WOULD HAVE LOVED
OUR WEDDING.
WE HAD
THE MOST SPECTACULAR CEREMONY
ON THE BEACH.
IT WAS MORE LIKE A PARTY.
YEAH.
YOU KNOW HOW I'M ALWAYS
TALKING ABOUT POLITICS?
NOT ONCE.
NOT EVER.
THIS TOWN NEEDS
A NEW MAYOR,
AND NOT ONE THAT'S IN BED
WITH "BIG BUSINESS."
THAT'S WHAT BARB CALLS
HER PRIVATE PARTS.
YOU KNOW WHO'D BE GREAT?
JOHN MAYER.
(gasps) "MAYOR MAYER"--
IT SOUNDS REALLY FUNNY.
PLUS HE COULD TOTALLY
SHAKE THINGS UP...
(deep voice) IN MY PANTS.
I THINK
IT SHOULD BE YOU, ANDY.
ME?
YOU LOVE GETTING INVOLVED.
YOU PETITIONED
AGAINST THE NEW MALL.
YOU PUT IN THAT NEW SPEED BUMP
WE ALL HATE.
PLUS YOU WOULD LOOK
SO GREAT KISSING A BABY
'CAUSE YOU KINDA LOOK
LIKE A BABY,
AND EVERYONE KNOWS
THERE'S NOTHING CUTER
THAN A BABY KISSING A BABY.
TRUTH.
I ACTUALLY THINK I WOULD BE
A GREAT MAYOR.
I LOVE HELPING PEOPLE,
AND AT PARADES,
YOU GET TO WEAR A TOP HAT
LIKE THE MONOPOLY GUY.
(gasps)
STAN, YOU BETTER NOT BE TAKING
THAT TO THE MANHOLE MONSTER.
BUT HE'S MY BEST FRIEND.
YOUR KID IS WEIRD.
(exhales deeply)
WHY WOULD YOU TELL ANDY
TO RUN FOR MAYOR?
'CAUSE I WANT
MY BEACH WEDDING. (chuckles)
PLUS AS A HUMAN BEING,
HE'S... SUPER-LATIVE.
ARE YOU TRYING
TO SAY "SUPERLATIVE"?
HOW CAN I NOT REMEMBER WORDS
FROM TWO DAYS AGO?
I MEAN, THIS THING
DOESN'T WORK.
DO YOU REALIZE
WHAT YOU'VE DONE?
WELL, IF YOU'RE GONNA YELL
AT ME,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO DO IT
IN THE CAR.
I GOTTA TAKE BACK
TRAVIS' PHONE.
I STOLE IT TO CHANGE
MY CALLER I.D. PHOTO. (chuckles)
(chuckles sarcastically)
SEE?
NEW PHOTO--CUTE SMILE.
OLD PHOTO... SNEEZE FACE.
(chuckles)
I CAN'T BE MARRIED
TO SOMEONE IN PUBLIC OFFICE.
(voice breaking) JULES, I'D HAVE
TO INTERACT WITH PEOPLE.
YOU KNOW I HATE
THE PEOPLE!
THAT'S WHAT YOU GET FOR TELLING
HOLLY OUR THING WAS CANCELED.
YOU KNOW WHAT I HOPE?
THAT THE KARMA GODS GET YOU.
(whispers)
KARMA GODS. OOH. SCARY.
NO.
THANK YOU. (sighs)
HOLLY, GET OUT.
MOM.
NO, IT'S OKAY, TRAV.
THANKS FOR THE ICE CREAM...
(giggles)
AND THE TONGUE PARTY.
(door opens)
OKAY, I WANT TO START BY SAYING
I UNDERSTAND WHY YOU'RE UPSET--
NOT READY TO TALK. OKAY.
(door closes)
I LOVE THE TENSION
IN THIS ROOM.
I JUST WANT TO BAKE IT
INTO A BIG, PUFFY THING
AND EAT IT ALL UP.
SERIOUSLY?
I'M HELPING.
SO IS HOLLY GOING TO SEDUCE
EVERY MAN IN MY LIFE?
OKAY, FIRST OF ALL,
HOLLY DIDN'T SEDUCE ME.
WE JUST--
YOU KNOW WHAT?
TELL ME EVERYTHING.
(sighs)
DID SHE PULL YOUR HAIR?
OHH.
UM, IS SHE A BITER?
WHAT DO HER LIPS TASTE LIKE?
(exhales deeply)
CINNAMON.
(whispers) OH.
WELL, I'M DONE WITH CINNAMON.
THERE GOES FRENCH TOAST.
ARE YOU PROUD OF YOURSELF?
HOLLY REALLY ISN'T
THAT BAD.
(door opens)
IF YOU J--
SORRY. I FORGOT SOMETHING.
(chuckles)
YOU ARE TOO QUIET.
SHE'S A GREAT MOM. (chuckles)
I'LL GIVE YOU THAT.
HEY.
(mouth full) HEY.
I JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE
YOU'RE COMING BY
KRAZY KAKES TODAY.
(sighs)
I JUST INVENTED THIS NEW LINE
OF TALKING THREAT CAKES.
OKAY. SAY A CHICK STEALS
YOUR BOYFRIEND.
YOU SEND HER A CAKE,
BUT THEN WHEN SHE OPENS UP
THE LID, IT YELLS...
(gruff voice)
"I'M COMING FOR YOU, BITCH!"
(normal voice) THAT'S CUTE,
RIGHT? (chuckles)
I DON'T REALLY LIKE IT
WHEN MY FOOD TALKS TO ME.
(sighs) THAT'S WHY
I DON'T EAT MONKEYS.
OH.
PLUS
AFTER THAT RACIAL INCIDENT,
I CAN'T SHOW MY FACE
BACK THERE.
SO YOU ACCIDENTALLY SAID
THE WRONG THING.
ONE TIME,
I ASKED THIS BLIND LADY
WHEN HER BABY WAS DUE.
TURNS OUT,
SHE WASN'T PREGNANT...
(exhales deeply)
AND SHE WASN'T EVEN
A LADY,
BUT HE REALLY WAS BLIND,
WHICH WAS GOOD,
BECAUSE WHEN HE WENT TO GO
THROW HIS COFFEE AT ME,
HE TOTALLY MISSED, AND HE HIT
A REAL PREGNANT LADY,
AND I WAS LIKE,
"DUDE, YOU'RE SUCH A JERK!
YOU JUST HIT
A REAL PREGNANT LADY!"
AND THEN IT TURNS OUT
SHE WASN'T PREGNANT
EITHER, SO...
THERE'S A LOT OF FATTIES
IN THIS TOWN.
I KNOW, RIGHT?
WELL... (sighs)
I AM CRAVING
ONE OF YOUR CUPCAKES.
(rubs palms together)
THEY ARE SO ADDICTIVE.
YOU WANNA KNOW
A COMPANY SECRET?
MM-HMM.
A SLIP A LITTLE NICOTINE
INTO THE FROSTING.
ANDY, I KNOW YOU'RE JUST
AROUND THE CORNER
BUILDING THE CONFIDENCE
TO COME ASK ME
IF YOU CAN BE THE MAYOR.
POINT "A"--IT'S SOMETHING
I'D BE REALLY GOOD AT.
"B"--I WANT TO TURN "GULFHAVEN"
INTO "GULF HEAVEN."
HUH?
POSSIBLE CAMPAIGN SLOGAN?
LOOK, WHATEVER YOU DECIDE,
I WON'T BE MAD,
BUT WILL YOU
PLEASE JUST DO ME A FAVOR
AND REALLY THINK
ABOUT IT... FOR ME?
OKAY, SWEETIE. FOR YOU.
THANKS A LOT.
NOW I HAVE TO PRETEND
TO THINK ABOUT
THIS DUMB MAYOR THING ALL DAY.
I GOT MY OWN CRAP
TO DEAL WITH.
DO YOU KNOW THAT IF TRAVIS
AND HOLLY HAD A KID,
MY GRANDDAUGHTER
AND MY STEPDAUGHTER
WOULD BE SISTERS?
THAT PUTS ME IN
THE HILLBILLY HALL OF FAME,
RIGHT NEXT
TO MY COUSIN CHESTNUT,
WHO WAS MURDERED
BY HIS OWN PIGS.
THE PIGS MIGHT HAVE KILLED HIM,
BUT HE WASN'T MURDERED.
"MURDER" IMPLIES FORETHOUGHT.
THEY MURDERED HIM.
THERE MIGHT BE A TRIAL.
WHERE?
OKAY.
THIS SEEMS LIKE
A GOOD STOPPING POINT.
WHY ARE YOU TWO EVEN
UPSET, HMM?
I MEAN, ELLIE,
I ASSUME YOU'RE JUST GOING
TO WAIT A LITTLE WHILE,
THEN CRUSH
YOUR HUSBAND'S SPIRITS,
LIKE USUAL.
CORRECT.
AND, JULES, EVEN THOUGH
I'D LOVE TO KNOW WHY THERE'S
NO MORE CINNAMON IN THE HOUSE...
BECAUSE I DON'T WANT
MY OATMEAL TO TASTE LIKE
A WHORE'S MOUTH.
PFFT!
FAIR ENOUGH.
YOU MADE IT VERY CLEAR
TO TRAVIS...
(door closes)
THAT YOU DON'T WANT HIM
SEEING HOLLY, SO IT'S OVER.
HEY, MOM.
I THINK I'M FALLING FOR HOLLY.
(gasps)
(sighs)
HOW DELISH.
NO, NO, NO. ELLIE, YOU GO.
GRAYSON, STAY.
OHH.
OH, MAN.
(grunts)
(Laurie sighs)
(Bobby, lowered voice)
OH, MAN.
(lowered voice)
NO, IT'S OKAY. I CALLED HIM.
(normal voice) HI, MR. KOH.
YOUR CAKE IS READY,
AND... BOBBY HERE
ACTUALLY PAID FOR IT.
I DID?
YOU DID BECAUSE YOU FELT
SO BAD FOR OFFENDING HIM.
YEP. WHAT SHE SAYS.
I'M SORRY.
I ACCEPT YOUR APOLOGY.
(chuckles)
(deep voice) FORGIVEN!
(normal voice) SEE?
BOBBY, YOU FACED IT,
AND IT'S OVER.
IT'S NOT. I MEAN,
I DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING,
BUT MY MIND KEPT THINKING
BAD THINGS, LIKE...
(lowered voice)
THAT DUDE OVER THERE--
I'M WONDERING IF HE CAN DUNK.
(sighs) YOU'RE BEING
TOO HARD ON YOURSELF.
(clatters)
BOBBY?
CAN YOU DUNK?
I CAN.
OH, YEAH! (chuckles)
THAT'S SO AWESOME!
ANDY... (sighs)
LOOK, I'VE THOUGHT ABOUT
THIS MAYOR THING ALL DAY,
AND I-I'M SORRY.
IT'S JUST NOT SOMETHING
I FEEL COMFORTABLE WITH.
ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH, I SAID
I WOULDN'T BE MAD.
THANKS, BOO.
(engine revving)
ARE YOU SPEEDING UP?
OOH. I FORGOT
THAT SPEED BUMP WAS THERE.
REALLY?
(sighs) THERE'S JUST SOMETHING
SO INNOCENT ABOUT HOLLY.
I JUST WANT TO...
(inhales deeply and grunts)
PROTECT HER.
PLUS JILL COULD REALLY USE
A FATHER.
SHE HAS A FATHER.
I MEANT A GOOD ONE.
(pants) IT'S LIKE MY LIFE
IS FLASHING BEFORE MY EYES.
I SHOULD HAVE DRANK
MORE WINE.
LUCKILY MY PLACE HAS ROOM
FOR A CRIB.
BED'S TINY,
BUT, UH, HOLLY LIKES
TO SLEEP RIGHT ON TOP OF YOU,
STARING INTO YOUR EYES.
DON'T WORRY, MOM.
(clenches teeth) SHE SAYS
SHE'S ON THE PILL...
(whispers) YEAH!
AND I'M TOTALLY MESSING
WITH YOU.
WHY?
BECAUSE YOU TREAT HOLLY
LIKE CRAP. WE ALL DO.
SHE DIDN'T SEDUCE ME.
I JUST SAW
A HOT, VULNERABLE GIRL,
AND I TOOK ADVANTAGE
OF HER.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE BETTER
THAN THAT.
NO.
(chuckling)
PLAYERS GOTTA PLAY.
THAT WAS A HABIT.
I'M GONNA TAKE
THAT HIGH FIVE BACK.
(imitates videotape rewinding)
I KNOW YOU DON'T WANT
TO DEAL WITH HOLLY,
BUT YOU CAN'T BOX HER
OUT OF YOUR LIFE.
HMM. (grunts)
THAT'S FOR BRINGING
THIS GIRL INTO OUR LIFE.
IT'S OKAY.
I'M STILL GONNA WEAR IT.
BESIDES, TRAV HAS A POINT.
YOU REALLY WANT
TO GO THERE?
(imitating announcer) UH-OH.
HE'S ALWAYS BACKED DOWN
WHEN IT COMES TO DEFENDING
HIS BABY MAMA,
BUT NOW HE JUST MIGHT TAKE
A STAND.
HIGH FIVE REINSTATED.
YEAH. YOU WON'T EVEN GIVE
HOLLY A CHANCE,
AND THAT IS NOT LIKE YOU.
IF YOU NEED US--TEAM HOLLY--
WE'LL BE AT MY PLACE.
I DON'T CARE. LEAVE.
(exhales deeply)
YOU'RE BOTH BEING TOTALLY...
MAGNANIMOUS!
NOT A BAD THING.
IT MEANS WE'RE AWESOME.
(door closes)
STUPID CALENDAR!
YOU KNOW
WHEN YOU'RE KISSING HOLLY
AND SHE PUSHES HER GUM
INTO YOUR MOUTH
AND THEN SUCKS IT BACK OUT
INTO HERS?
WHY IS THAT SO HOT?
PROBABLY HER BIG BOOBS.
PROBABLY.
IN CASE
YOU TWO ARE WONDERING,
THIS IS
MY PERSONAL NIGHTMARE.
HERE YOU GO, LITTLE GUY.
(whispers) GREAT.
AS MAYOR,
I DUB THIS POTHOLE FILLED.
THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
OF COURSE YOU MAY HAVE
MY AUTOGRAPH, MS. LATIFAH.
(chuckles) HERE. "HIS HONOR--"
QUEEN LATIFAH COMES
TO VISIT?
NO, SHE'S MY TRUSTED ADVISOR.
SHE HELPS ME KEEP IT REAL.
I'M REALLY SORRY ABOUT
ALL OF THIS MAYOR STUFF.
IT'S STUPID.
I'LL CLEAN THIS UP.
(squeaks and thuds)
WELL, THAT'S MUCH WORSE.
I'LL GET A TOWEL.
(mouths word)
I'VE PUT TOGETHER A PANEL
OF OUR MINORITY FRIENDS
TO GET YOU THROUGH THIS.
TODAY WE'RE GONNA FIX RACISM,
HOPEFULLY,
BEFORE OUR BURGERS COME.
I CAN'T STAY LONG.
I HAVE AN ENGINEERING PAPER
DUE TOMORROW.
WAY TO FIGHT
THE STEREOTYPE THERE, DUDE.
(keys clacking, computer beeps)
AND EVERYONE SAY HI TO WADE,
MY TWITTER BOYFRIEND,
COMING TO US LIVE FROM...
(whispers) AFGHANISTAN.
Hey, girl. (chuckles)
Why aren't you naked?
OH. (lowered voice) UM...
SO WE KIND OF HAVE SKYPE SEX
ALL THE TIME.
I'VE ACTUALLY SAT
ON THAT SCREEN.
IT'S REALLY STRONG.
(normal voice) SORRY.
INSTEAD, I NEED YOU
TO HELP CONVINCE
A TOTAL STRANGER
THAT HE'S NOT PREJUDICED.
Yeah, that's fantastic.
WHY IS ANDY
ON THE MINORITY COUNCIL?
I'M LATINO.
(laughs)
OH, I'M SORRY. NO.
IT'S JUST ALWAYS FUNNY
WHEN YOU SAY IT.
WELL, YOU SHOULDN'T BE LAUGHING
AT OTHER PEOPLE'S HERITAGE.
(chuckling)
I MEAN, LISTEN TO ME.
IT'S LIKE THE POT CALLING
THE KETTLE BLA--
AFRICAN-AMERICAN.
Seriously?
I GET THAT
YOU TWO FEEL GUILTY.
YOU SHOULD. YOU BOTH THINK
WITH YOUR... DANGLIES.
YEP.
GUILTY.
OH. FEEL FREE
TO JUST LET YOURSELF IN
AND DRINK MY WINE.
(clinks)
IT'S MY SECOND BOTTLE.
HOW ARE YOU STILL
SPEAKING CLEARLY?
IT'S ONLY WHITE.
LOOK, HOLLY JUST WANTS
TO BE YOUR FRIEND.
(chuckles) SHE'S THE MOTHER
OF YOUR CHILD.
YOU SHOULD BOND WITH HER.
YOU KNOW WHAT I LEARNED
FROM MY FRIENDSHIP WITH ELLIE?
THERE'S NO SUCH THING
AS TOO MEAN.
NEVER LET YOUR FRIENDS KNOW
FOR SURE IF YOU LIKE THEM?
ALWAYS HOLD A GRUDGE?
REALLY?
SORRY.
I WANTED TO DO ONE, TOO.
SOMETIMES IT'S OKAY
TO OCCASIONALLY PUT
YOURSELF FIRST.
I MEAN, I-IT'S LIKE THAT THING
WITH ANDY BEING MAYOR.
SHE KNOWS IT WOULD MAKE
HER MISERABLE,
SO SHE SAID NO.
I MEAN, SOMETIMES
IT'S OKAY TO BE SELFISH,
RIGHT, ELLIE?
IT'S NOT.
SERIOUSLY? NOW'S THE TIME
YOU DECIDE TO BE HUMAN?
COME ON.
I WANT TO SHOW YOU SOMETHING.
LOOK, YOU HAVE
THIS CRAZY BLIND SPOT
FOR ALL OUR FAULTS,
LIKE, UH, YOU KNOW,
GRAYSON'S VANITY
AND DAD'S CHILDISHNESS.
YOUR GREASY HAIR.
I SAID "BLIND SPOT."
MEANS YOU DON'T SEE IT.
I JUST WISH YOU COULD STOP
SEEING HOLLY FOR HER FAULTS
AND SEE HER
FOR WHAT SHE REALLY IS--
A YOUNG MOM...
(both speaking indistinctly)
WHO FEELS LIKE
SHE'S IN WAY OVER HER HEAD.
I MEAN, THAT WAS YOU ONCE.
THAT WAS REALLY HARD.
YEAH, WELL, NOW YOU KNOW.
AND YOU ARE REALLY SMUG.
(chuckles)
I'M NOT BLIND
TO THAT EITHER.
DON'T HATE.
AND EVERY TIME I OPEN
MY MOUTH,
I'M AFRAID I'M JUST GONNA
OFFEND SOMEONE.
YOU KNOW, SOMETIMES I THINK
IT WOULD JUST BE EASIER
IF WE ALL SEPARATED
INTO OUR OWN GROUPS, YOU KNOW,
LIKE, BLACKS WITH BLACKS,
WHITES WITH WHITES.
THEY TRIED THAT IN SOUTH AFRICA.
YEAH, AND THANK GOD
BONO FIXED IT.
ALL RIGHT. LET'S JUST SAY
WE'RE PICKING TEAMS
TO PLAY BASKETBALL.
NOW, WADE, WOULD YOU BE OFFENDED
IF I PICKED YOU FIRST,
EVEN THOUGH ALL I KNOW ABOUT YOU
IS THAT YOU'RE BLACK?
Hell, yeah, man.
That's messed up.
SO I SHOULDN'T PICK YOU.
Of course you should, man.
I can dunk.
I KNEW IT!
AND AS A LATINO...
(Laurie, Sig, and Bobby laugh)
REALLY?
NOW WE'RE ALL LAUGHING?
WHY IS IT OKAY
TO LAUGH AT HIM?
I MEAN, THIS IS ALL SUCH--
SUCH A MOVING TARGET, MAN.
I CAN'T HANDLE IT.
LOOK, BUDDY, THE FACT
THAT YOU'RE AGONIZING SO MUCH
OVER THIS MEANS
YOU'RE A BETTER MAN THAN MOST.
OH, THANKS, MAN.
OH, MY GOD.
MY RACE PANEL WORKED.
IF THERE IS ONE THING
THAT WE'VE LEARNED
FROM MICHELLE PFEIFFER
IN "DANGEROUS MINDS"
OR SANDY BULLOCK
IN "THE BLIND SIDE"
OR HILARY SWANK
IN THAT MOVIE NO ONE EVER SAW,
IT'S THAT ALL YOU NEED
TO FIX MINORITY PROBLEMS
IS A REALLY PRETTY WHITE WOMAN.
SO YOU WANT TO BE MAYOR?
(thud)
GO FOR IT.
THIS IS SO AWESOME!
YOU KNOW WHY YOU'RE GREAT?
YES, BUT TELL ME ANYWAY.
YOU TRY TO HIDE IT,
BUT YOU REALLY DO CARE
ABOUT WHAT MAKES ME HAPPY.
OKAY.
(paper rustles)
HERE'S WHAT I WANT
AS FIRST LADY.
"I GET TO PARK
WHEREVER I WANT.
"OUR TOWN SHOULD BE
LESS DOG-FRIENDLY.
"NO CAR ALARMS.
NO ROLLERBLADERS.
"NO STREET PERFORMERS.
NO MORE WOODEN LAWN BIRDS
THAT DO THIS."
(mouths words)
"NO CARNIVALS.
"NO 5Ks. NO 10Ks. NO K's.
NO HAIR SALONS
WITH NAMES THAT ARE PUNS."
THE HAIRPORT. WE GET IT.
IT'S NEAR THE AIRPORT.
"NO PUBLIC COUGHING.
NO CIRCUMCISIONS.
"NO PIERCED EARS ON BABIES.
"NO ADULTS WHO SKATEBOARD.
"NO TANK TOPS.
NO TUBE TOPS.
NO SHORT SHORTS,
AND NO STUPID PEOPLE."
THEN MY PEN RAN OUT.
UH, YEAH, AND DON'T FORGET,
YOU WANT ME TO LET JULES HAVE
HER WEDDING ON THE BEACH.
OH, I DON'T CARE
ABOUT THAT.
JULES?
I LET GRAYSON TAKE TAMPA
FOR ICE CREAM,
AND I SAID I'D MEET HIM
HERE AFTER,
SO I'LL JUST WAIT OUT HERE
TILL THEY GET BACK.
IT'S OKAY, HOLLY. COME IN.
(thuds)
PUSH.
WHOA. THANKS. WEIRD DOOR.
NOT REALLY.
SO HOW ABOUT SOME TEQUILA
AND GIRL TALK? (chuckles)
NO.
♪♪♪
YOU KNOW, IF YOU'RE GONNA BE
A PART OF THIS FAMILY,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO LEARN
TO LOVE WINE.
(chuckles) FAMILY?
(pours wine)
(giggles) OH, MY GOD.
I TOTALLY FEEL LIKE
HUGGING YOU RIGHT NOW.
ALL RIGHT. BRING IT.
MM.
YOU HUG JUST LIKE YOUR SON.
ALL RIGHT. DON'T RUIN IT.
(giggles)
(chuckles)
♪♪♪
MMM. THIS TASTES LIKE
SPICY, RED VODKA.
OH, YOU ARE GONNA LOVE
THIS STUFF.
(chuckles) OH, MY GOD.
(chuckles)
NOW LET'S POP A LITTLE WINE
AND TALK ABOUT
THE SUPPOSED PIG TRIAL, HMM?
I GOT 9,000 QUESTIONS.
DO THEY USE HANDCUFFS?
THEY USE ROPE.
JURY OF THEIR PEERS?
MAYBE.
LAWYERS?
HUMANS.
BAILIFFS?
HORSES.
HOW DO THEY GET THE PIG
ON THE WITNESS STAND?
PIG RAMP.
DO THEY UNDERSTAND
WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING?
THEY HAVE INTERPRETERS.
IS THE JURY EVER FED HAM?
NOT IF THEY'RE KOSHER.
WHAT'S THE MAXIMUM SENTENCE?
BACON.
IS THERE
A PIG TRAFFIC COURT?
WELL, I'VE HEARD OF IT.
I'VE NEVER SEEN IT.
HOW DO THEY GET THE PIG
TO STOP SQUEALING?
GAVEL.
WHAT IF A PIG CALLS
A COP A "PIG"?
(chuckles) THAT'S FUNNY.
THAT'S FUNNY. PEOPLE LAUGH.
DO THE PIGS WEAR
PRISON JUMPSUITS?
NO, BOW TIES, AND IT'S
REALLY ADORABLE. (chuckles)
(laughs)